c16 translation (#113)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c16/penetration/masturbation_found_answer/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「わかったわ、しましょ。……何？　私が何でオナニーしてたと思ってるの？　そんなのえっちな気分だったからに決まってるじゃない」=“Got it, let's do it. ...What? You're wondering why I was masturbating? That's obvious, I did it because I felt horny.”

> 「そんな状態で据え膳を食べないなんてありえないわ。ほら、熱が冷めないうちに、早く食べさせなさいよ……」=“In such a state, I'm not gonna accept you just refusing to eat this meal I've set out before you. C'mon, gobble me up already, before I get cold...”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「そんな状態で据え膳を食べないなんてありえないわ。ほら、熱が冷めないうちに、早く食べさせなさいよ……」=“Given the situation, I insist you partake of this meal set before you. C'mon, dig in, before it gets cold...”
```
